[CIVIS-8718] Update documentation for CIVIS GitHub PR comments (#21512)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tests/code_coverage.md

{{< img src="/continuous_integration/code_coverage_branch_view.png" text="Branch view's code coverage" style="width:100%" >}}

## Show code coverage change of a pull request

> The code coverage change of a GitHub pull request compared to the default branch is shown in the pull request's [test summary comment][8].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pull request's [test summary comment][8] shows the code coverage change of a GitHub pull request compared to the default branch.
```
Slight reorder to make active voice.

Author: Thanks for the suggestion!
